step 10
Great job! We've gone ahead and created a new empty GitHub repository for you to use with Try Git at https://github.com/try-git/try_git.git. To push our local repo to the GitHub server we'll need to add a remote repository.

This command takes a remote name and a repository URL, which in your case is https://github.com/try-git/try_git.git.

Go ahead and run git remote add with the options below:

$git remote add origin https://github.com/try-git/try_git.git

step 11
The push command tells Git where to put our commits when we're ready, and boy we're ready. So let's push our local changes to our origin repo (on GitHub).

The name of our remote is origin and the default local branch name is master. The -u tells Git to remember the parameters, so that next time we can simply run git push and Git will know what to do. Go ahead and push it!

$git push -u origin master

1.12 Pulling Remotely
Let's pretend some time has passed. We've invited other people to our github project who have pulled your changes, made their own commits, and pushed them.

We can check for changes on our GitHub repository and pull down any new changes by running:

$git pull origin master

1.13 Differences
Uh oh, looks like there have been some additions and changes to the octocat family. Let's take a look at what is different from our last commit by using the git diff command.

In this case we want the diff of our most recent commit, which we can refer to using the HEAD pointer.

$git diff HEAD

1.14 Staged Differences
Another great use for diff is looking at changes within files that have already been staged. Remember, staged files are files we have told git that are ready to be committed.

Let's use git add to stage octofamily/octodog.txt, which I just added to the family for you.

$git add octofamily/octodog.txt

1.15 Staged Differences (cont'd)
Good, now go ahead and run git diff with the --staged option to see the changes you just staged. You should see that octodog.txt was created.

$git diff --staged

1.16 Resetting the Stage
So now that octodog is part of the family, octocat is all depressed. Since we love octocat more than octodog, we'll turn his frown around by removing octodog.txt.

You can unstage files by using the git reset command. Go ahead and remove octofamily/octodog.txt.

$git reset octofamily/octodog.txt

1.17 Undo
git reset did a great job of unstaging octodog.txt, but you'll notice that he's still there. He's just not staged anymore. It would be great if we could go back to how things were before octodog came around and ruined the party.

Files can be changed back to how they were at the last commit by using the command: git checkout -- <target>. Go ahead and get rid of all the changes since the last commit for octocat.txt

$git checkout -- octocat.txt

1.18 Branching Out
When developers are working on a feature or bug they'll often create a copy (aka. branch) of their code they can make separate commits to. Then when they're done they can merge this branch back into their main master branch.

We want to remove all these pesky octocats, so let's create a branch called clean_up, where we'll do all the work:

$git branch clean_up

1.19 Switching Branches
Great! Now if you type git branch you'll see two local branches: a main branch named master and your new branch named clean_up.

You can switch branches using the git checkout <branch> command. Try it now to switch to the clean_up branch:

$git checkout clean_up

1.20 Removing All The Things
Ok, so you're in the clean_up branch. You can finally remove all those pesky octocats by using the git rm command which will not only remove the actual files from disk, but will also stage the removal of the files for us.

You're going to want to use a wildcard again to get all the octocats in one sweep, go ahead and run:

$git rm '*.txt'

Advice
Remove all the things!
Removing one file is great and all, but what if you want to remove an entire folder? You can use the recursive option on git rm:
git rm -r folder_of_cats
This will recursively remove all folders and files from the given directory.

1.21 Commiting Branch Changes
Now that you've removed all the cats you'll need to commit your changes.

Feel free to run git status to check the changes you're about to commit.

$git commit -m "Remove all the cats"

Advice
The '-a' option
If you happen to delete a file without using 'git rm' you'll find that you still have to 'git rm' the deleted files from the working tree. You can save this step by using the '-a' option on 'git commit', which auto removes deleted files with the commit.
git commit -am "Delete stuff"

1.22 Switching Back to master
Great, you're almost finished with the cat... er the bug fix, you just need to switch back to the master branch so you can copy (or merge) your changes from the clean_up branch back into the master branch.

Go ahead and checkout the master branch:

$git checkout master

Advice
Pull Requests
If you're hosting your repo on GitHub, you can do something called a pull request.
A pull request allows the boss of the project to look through your changes and make comments before deciding to merge in the change. It's a really great feature that is used all the time for remote workers and open-source projects.
Check out out the pull request help page for more information.

1.23 Preparing to Merge
Alrighty, the moment has come when you have to merge your changes from the clean_up branch into the master branch. Take a deep breath, it's not that scary.

We're already on the master branch, so we just need to tell Git to merge the clean_up branch into it:

$git merge clean_up

Advice
Merge Conflicts
Merge Conflicts can occur when changes are made to a file at the same time. A lot of people get really scared when a conflict happens, but fear not! They aren't that scary, you just need to decide which code to keep.
Merge conflicts are beyond the scope of this course, but if you're interested in reading more, take a look the section of the Pro Git book on how conflicts are presented.

1.24 Keeping Things Clean
Congratulations! You just accomplished your first successful bugfix and merge. All that's left to do is clean up after yourself. Since you're done with the clean_up branch you don't need it anymore.

You can use git branch -d <branch name> to delete a branch. Go ahead and delete the clean_up branch now:

$git branch -d clean_up

Advice
Force delete
What if you have been working on a feature branch and you decide you really don't want this feature anymore? You might decide to delete the branch since you're scrapping the idea. You'll notice that git branch -d bad_feature doesn't work. This is because -d won't let you delete something that hasn't been merged.
You can either add the --force (-f) option or use -D which combines -d -f together into one command.

1.25 The Final Push
Here we are, at the last step. I'm proud that you've made it this far, and it's been great learning Git with you. All that's left for you to do now is to push everything you've been working on to your remote repository, and you're done!

git push

Advice
Learning more about Git
We only scratched the surface of Git in this course. There is so much more you can do with it. Check out the Git documentation for a full list of functions.
The Pro Git book, by Scott Chacon, is an excellent resource to teach you the inner workings of Git.
help.github and GitHub Training are also great for anything related to Git in general and using Git with GitHub.





